Now that we've discussed topics,
let's talk about the messages transmitted over them.
ROS has a wide variety of predefined message types.
There are messages types for communicating physical quantities such as positions,
velocities, accelerations, rotations, and duration.
There are also messages for communicating sensor readings such as laser scans,
images, point clouds, and inertial measurements.
The number of message types available in ROS is actually quite staggering.
Doing a simple search on my system,
I was able to count over 200 different message types.
However, even with so many useful message types,
there would still be times when you want to define your own.
We'll tackle that later in this lesson.
It's important to note that messages can contain any kind of data not just text.
Here's an example of the message types associated with the topics we looked at earlier.
In this case, the topic called camera_images transports
image messages from the camera node to the position estimator node.
Similarly, the wheel_encoders topic transports
rotation messages from the wheel encoder node to the position estimator node.